Title: AITA for not picking my parents up from the airport?
Text: My (28F) parents (both in late 50s) were recently on a month-long vacation. A day before they returned I called them to chat, they mentioned that they bought me a pair of shorts, and jokingly (or so I thought) said that I would have to pick them up from the airport in order to get them. I assumed that they were joking because they live 15 mins from the airport and ubers are cheap (also my parents have a lot of money), whereas I live about 40 mins from the airport, and an hour from their house; so it would take me about 2 hours to pick them up from the airport and drop them off at home. I assumed wrong. Their flight got in at around 7:30AM on Saturday, and my dad called me as soon as they landed (I was still in my pjs at this point), asking about when I’d be there to pick them up. I explained that I assumed that they were joking, since it would be a pretty big inconvenience for me to get up at 6AM and spend 2 hours in my car on a Saturday morning just so they don’t have to uber. Not even mentioning the fact that I would be paying more for gas and tolls than they would for their uber. Both of my parents got really mad, and tried to get me to quickly jump in my car and go pick them up, I declined as politely as I could, explaining the fact that I had a lot to get done that day as I was prepping for a home renovation. It has now been over 3 weeks since this incident, and they are still mad at me. They’re saying that as their daughter I should want to do anything for them. I do try to help them out whenever they ask for it, but in this case I think spending this much time and money just to make their 15 minute drive slightly more enjoyable wasn’t warranted. I honestly forgot about this situation, and called my mom to ask if she would feed our cats on one day when we’re away (my parents are always our last resort when it comes to the cats, but there is one day during our vacation when all of our family and friends are away) and she went off on me about the uber situation. She said that I am a hypocrite and that I will have to order and pay for a taxi for them if I want them to come. I have been feeling pretty bad about the whole situation, but I know they never would have picked me up if the roles had been reversed. So, am I the asshole for not helping out my parents?