Title: AITA For using a "kids teaching technique" on my wife
Text: My wife (36F) and I (38M) have been married for 12 years and have 3 kids (10, 8, & 5). None of our kids have phones yet, so about 6 months ago we had a talk with all 3 of them to talk about what they should do if they ever get lost, in danger, need help, etc. One of the things we talked about was them knowing both mine and my wife's phone numbers. I even made some flashcards with our numbers in addition to their grandparent's numbers so that they could memorize them. We kind of turned it into a game to help them learn and it worked great. During that time, it came up that my wife doesn't know my phone number by heart. In fact, she doesn't have any phone numbers memorized anymore. I told her that she should at least have mine and someone else's (like her mom) memorized in case she can't use her phone and she needs to get a hold of someone. She told me I was overreacting and that it isn't a big deal. She then asked if I have her number memorized and I railed it off to her without hesitation. Along with my mom's, dad's, and my younger brother's. Well, a couple weeks ago, she was at a work event about an hour from where we live. She somehow managed to lock her purse in her car. Her purse had her car keys and her phone inside. So, she had no way to get home and no way to call me. Thankfully, a coworker of hers was willing to drive her home. But then we had to pile all 3 kids into the car and drive an hour to get her car and then drive back home. Of course, one thing that came up during that drive was that my wife had no way to contact me because she doesn't know my number. If she had my number memorized, I could have brought her keys to her and saved her coworker the inconvenience. She got very defensive about it which I'm sure was because of embarrassment. But I used the situation as an example and told her that if it was an emergency instead, then it would be a much bigger problem. She eventually agreed that she would try to memorize some phone numbers. Naturally, since we already had flashcards at home for this very reason, I figured it would be a good way to help her learn. I got the kids involved as well just to reinforce that memorization for them. Problem was that my wife couldn't memorize the numbers. My kids knew them all by heart, even the 5-year-old. My wife got frustrated and embarrassed. She said she would just write numbers on a piece of paper and put it in her purse. I had to remind her that idea would do absolutely no good if she locked her purse in the car again or lost it. She got upset with me and told me that no one memorizes numbers anymore and that even if it was an emergency, she would figure something out. I told her that's not good enough for me. I told her I don't care how frustrating or embarrassing it is for her, but she needs to memorize at least my number and someone else's. She told me I am being a big jerk about this and making it into a huge deal when it doesn't need to be.