I'm (30m) the oldest of five and my siblings are 28f, 27m, 25m and 23f. Our parents were always generous with giving money when asked for it, except when it was me. I was told I should learn to work hard. I was told I didn't *need* the new video game or toy. I was told earning money was the only way I'd ever have money and I hadn't earned money from them. But my siblings could get whatever they wanted. When I first graduated college I ended up struggling financially because where I went to work, the cost of apartments were so high. I asked my parents if they could help me out and they said no. I ended up in a shelter for a few weeks and then rented a dump of an apartment with a friend who found himself in the same situation. They not only helped my siblings through college, which they didn't do for me, but they gave each of them lump sums after they graduated to help them get started in life. They also helped them out when asked over the years. During Covid years especially. They didn't offer any money to help toward mine and my wife's wedding. We didn't ask. But it stood out more when my sister (28f) got engaged and our parents had mentioned money for "all the weddings". Again, it was all except for mine. Only now this has all caught up with them and they are in a very tight spot with money. They're asking me for money too. They told me they need our (mine and my wife's) help and we should do it because of how great they have been and they never say no to any of us. I told them they never helped me with shit. That they preferred to see me homeless rather than help me out. They argued back that it never happened and I could have asked if things were that bad. I showed them screenshots of texts where I had brought the topic up after asking them verbally. My parents dismissed it and then told me they're still my parents and I'm the most settled and I could afford to help them. I admitted that I could. But I didn't feel they had earned it. My parents called me spiteful and said I should help my parents rather than see them lose everything. I told them to ask the kids who they helped. My siblings were also pissed I said no. They told me mom and dad don't deserve my pettiness. AITA?