Title: AITA Monthly Open Forum August 2024: Remembering Assholes
Text: # Keep things civil. Rules still apply. Let’s do a little spin on our “tell us about a time you were the asshole” deal from a couple of months back. But this time, let’s remember the assholes we’ve lost. I mean that in the best way possible. To be clear, this is not intended to be a “let’s shit on the dead” type of thing. If you want to rant and rave about someone whose grave you’d rather piss on, I’m sure there’s a sub for that. What we’d like to see here is something about an asshole in your life that you’ve lost. But, you think back on them fondly and smile. Even when thinking about some of their asshole ways. I know I certainly have someone like that. And I do miss them. Even with their assholery, I’d much rather have them here. So, tell us about that asshole that’s moved on. As we've done in the past, some sub rules can be relaxed a little. For example, it’s OK if your tale involves a relationship. But, we still cannot host anything that mentions violence. ___ # As always, do not directly link to posts/comments or post uncensored screenshots here. Any comments with links will be removed. ___ We'd like to highlight the regional spinoffs we have linked on the sidebar! If you have any suggestions or additions to this, please let us know in the comments.Title: AITA for crying when my husband bought me a birthday cake, 
Text: I F(43) am celebrating my birthday today. My kids and husband M(39) stayed home to have lunch and celebrate. We have been married for almost 20 years and is safe to say he knows well what I like and don't like. While preparing breakfast, my husband went to get coffee and returned home with a small cake to sing Happy Birthday. When he pulled out the cake from the package, it was a chocolate German cake, his favorite, from a local pastry shop he had been craving to try for months. He also pulls out a small container with a slice of cheesecake, my favorite. He proudly announced he bought the cake as it was the only one available, and that he wanted to buy a whole cheesecake but they only had portions. So he thought it best to buy the entire one and bring me the slice since is the one I liked. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the gesture, the cake is for everyone to eat, but my face probably changed and he started asking me if I didn't like it. I told him I loved it as best I could, but couldn't help my eyes getting watery and tears streaming down after that. He started making faces and getting annoyed. I told him in front of my kids 15 and 12, that I didn't want him to feel like I was being ungrateful, however, I couldn't help to feel bad as it was his favorite cake and pastry shop, not something I liked. And not because I didn't like the flavor of the cake, is just the lack of thought behind the action. I think I wouldn't have felt as bad or reacted that way if he hadn't bought the cheesecake slice to confirm that is in fact what I like and he knows it. AITA?Title: AITA for telling my daughter’s grandparents to stop giving her arm floaties and goggles in the pool
Text: ETA: I’m reading some of your comments and I do agree saying no goggles is definitely excessive, I’m honestly more set on no floaties Both her grandparents and swim instructor have chlorine free pools My (24F) daughter (4F) goes to her grandparents house everyday that she’s with her dad so they can watch her to babysit while her dad works They put arm floaties and goggles on her when she gets in the pool and watch her from outside the pool. I told them to stop putting them on her, because she is in swim classes and it causes delays and regressions in her skills and causes her to swim with unnatural skills. They told me it’s okay, it’s safer and they feel more comfortable having her in the pool that way. I told them I take her to swim every week, and I see her regressing and struggling to be comfortable in the pool now without floaties or goggles when she normally is a very strong swimmer for her age and I’m not really asking. Her swimming instructor also agreed that using these can cause a regression in her swimming skills. She said they don’t get in the pool and reiterated they feel more comfortable when she has these things with her, I said they should be in the pool with her regardless and either they can do that or I’d prefer her not to be in their pool unless she can be free in the pool with no goggles or floaties and she’ll have to wait until I or her father can be in the pool with her. They said I’m being unreasonable and that they will put her in the pool and I’m being unfair and they’re just trying to be safe. I said they’re going to cause safety issues in the long run if she finds herself in a position where she falls in a pool or something similar and can’t get herself out because her skills have regressed. They’re calling me over dramatic, and her father is getting mad at me as well. AITA? *ETA: corrected my first sentence that says she goes there to babysit laugh out loudTitle: AITA for not buying my cousin something to eat when we went to the beach?
Text: EDIT: I did let my cousin choose something we both liked. I (F25) took my cousin (F6) and my kids (M4 & F6) to the beach this past weekend. I offered to take my cousin because she's around the same age as my kids and they get along great, so I thought it would be fun. While we were there, we went out to eat. My cousin is extremely picky and anytime I buy her food while we're out or cook anything, she takes a few bites and throws the rest away. I told her I was not buying her any food and that her and I could share something and she could have as much of it as she'd like. Well she didn't like that because I got my kids their own meals (which they ate all of). We ended up sharing anyways and she like I thought, she took a few bites and then said she was full.Thwe rest of the day was fine. Well flash foward to after I drop her back home. I get a text from my aunt asking why I didn't buy her, her own meal and that my cousin is telling her we shared while my kids didn't. I explained the situation to her and she told me I could've packed her food up to go if she didn't eat it. But I don't see the issue seeing as she did exactly what I thought she would do and she also had other food throughout the day that we packed such as snacks and sandwhiches. So aita ?Title: WIBTA if I don’t let my best friend walk with her boyfriend at my wedding?
Text: 24F at getting married next spring. My best friend from childhood is one of my bridesmaids. She is 22. We’ve always been close even though we aren’t very alike. She’s always been sheltered and is pretty religious. About 5 months ago she got her first real boyfriend. She is very into him and believes they will get married. They might actually because he’s also pretty religious and sheltered. I know for a fact that their first time having sex was with eachother. You know how the bridal parties enter the ceremony 2 by 2 and then have introductions during the reception? Here’s the issue: my best friend told me that she thinks it’s disrespectful of her and me as well if she walks down the aisle or enters the reception with a groomsman (or “another man” as she puts it). She thinks that it would be respectful of her relationship if her boyfriend walks with her for these 2 parts. To be clear, she is NOT suggesting her boyfriend be in the wedding party. She just wants to walk down with him then he will go sit in his normal spot. I think this is a weird request and I would like to say no. It would just make thing look awkward. I don’t think she would decline to be a part if I say no but she will be upset and say I’m not respecting her relationship. Before yall say maybe it’s him putting her up to it, I don’t think so. This is so something I can see coming from her but I don’t know maybe it is him.