The other day, me, my boyfriend and 2 others of his friends, whom are a couple, went out together. We ended up in this after-hour, sketchy club. I was standing behind my boyfriend, holding hands with him while he was in front chatting with other people when a guy approached me. As usual, I told him that I have a boyfriend and wasn’t interested in talking but he was still persistent, making me really uncomfortable. I decided to get my boyfriend’s help and pulled his arm to get his attention. But I was surprised that as I pulled his hand, he slightly shook my hand off. I didn’t have time to react with anything else then I heard his friend asking me if I was okay and pulled me aside. I was surprised by what my boyfriend did, considering that he had been always protective of me whenever we were out in clubs, knowing that I’m not familiar with the environment and that I’m small and an easy target. As I kept thinking about it, I got more and more upset as I couldn’t understand his action, especially in this shady club. So later when we went outside the club and there were only the two of us, I told him “You wasn’t there for me. There was a guy harassing me and your friend had to come and help me.” That clearly really upset him and he started asking me what were I taking about and what guy. When I explained the situation he told me I probably didn’t do enough to notify him then because he didn’t even know about it and that I probably secretly liked the attention and were entertaining the guy until it became out of my control. I knew right there and then that these words are major red flag but let’s ignore this issue here. He also told me that I was being disrespectful by bring his friend in like that, basically comparing the two of them. He said that it was nothing for me to praise his friend about because they are friends and he would absolutely do the same to the friend’s girlfriend if she needs help and it just something they supposed to do for each other/each other’s girlfriends. He said I was wrong for undermining him and made his friend out to be this hero saving the day. Later, when he saw the friend’s girlfriend dealing with 3 guys talking to her while her boyfriend was on the phone, he loudly told me that he would want a girlfriend like that, someone that could handle men. I was upset by this and later brought it up while we were sitting down for a serious conversation and he told me that he only did that to show me how me comparing him with his friend feel like. The fact that I was obviously upset by his comment made me think that I might be wrong for saying that about his friend? So AITAH for telling my boyfriend he was there for me when a guy was harassing me and it took his friend to help me?

tl;dr My boyfriend didn’t help me when a guy was harassing me in the club and I told him he wasn’t there for me and his friend had to help me. Now he’s upset about that saying that I didn’t respect him. AITAH for saying that?