I (16F) am writing a little book series mainly for myself because I've had a really great idea for a while. I recently let one of my friends (17F) proof read my first draft for my first book and she had a list of complaints. The first of them was that none of the characters were confirmed to be LGBTQIA+. I'm a closeted bisexual, she doesn't know that, and she has been screaming at me and calling me homophobic because I don't have any of the characters described as gay in the story. Now here's the catch. I also don't have any characters who are cannonacaly straight in the story. I've decided I want my readers to be able to headcannon the sexuality of each character themselves. Even the mother of the main characters is a single mom with no confirmed partner or sexuality. I keep all romance, both hetero and homo out of it. I also don't have any confirmed trans or non binary characters, but I will say that one's on me. I don't know how to write a trans side character without making it a big deal, and the main characters are all cis. Now I might make non binary character for a later book, though I am a little worried about what my incredibly homo/transphobic family would do if I did that, so it's a solid maybe. Anyway, my friend's final complaint was when I was showing her art of the characters, both protagonists were white (and identical twin sisters...), the main antagonist was white, and the secondary antagonist was black. She accused me of bieng racist as well because the black character was evil. Also she was also annoyed that her name (Alia) is an Arabic name and shouldn't be used for a Black character. First of all, I have an incredibly diverse side cast with characters who are Caucasian, Asian, Hispanic, Native American, Arabic, Black, ect. I just don't really describe it because it's a fantasy setting and those terms wouldn't exist. And second of all, while I didn't plan to tell her because spoilers, I plan to give Alia a redemption ark in the finale where she learns she isn't evil just because she has Shadow Magic and was essentially raised by a mass murderer. I'm honestly a little surprised she didn't call me sexist for having the only male main character be the main antagonist. Jokes aside, I'm starting to feel a little self conscious about my book because I'm scared of having bad representation, and also a little worried that I may have unintentional internized homo/transphobia from my parents. Anyway, what do you guys think. AITA?